+++
title = "Certificates and credits"
+++

## Certificates and credits

It is possible to obtain a certificate from the course with a little extra
work.  The certificate is equivalent to 1 ECTS and your study supervisor will
be able to register it as a credit in your university study credit system.
**Please make sure that your supervisor/study program accepts it**.

Learners with a valid Aalto student number will automatically get the credit
registered in Aalto systems.  Please note that this does not apply to
participants affiliated with TU Delft or other universities who have own
criteria for workshop certificates and credits.

To obtain a certificate, you must be affiliated with a university, or similar
research organisation. We expect you to **follow the 6 days** of the course and
provide us with the following **three documents sent from your university email**:

1. The output of `git log --all` from the repositories that you have used
   during the course as a text file. Evaluation criteria: we expect to see the
   results from most of the git commands that are run in the first 3 days of
   the workshop.
2. Written answers to the following four questions submitted as a document (pdf
   or word or txt). Evaluation criteria: we expect critical answers related to
   the content of first 3 days with both pros and cons (when relevant):
    - When should you work with branches?
    - What is the difference between a `git clone` and a `git fork`?
    - What is the difference between a fork and a branch?
    - What advantages and disadvantages to code review can you imagine/list?
3. A personal reflection for each of the 6 days written as a document (pdf or
   word or txt, one paragraph per day). To get started, you can try answering
   the questions: "Why is this important? How can it improve my research work?"
   However any other personal reflection is welcome. Evaluation criteria: we
   expect reflections that are related to the content of each of the six days.

The three documents should be sent to `scip _@_ aalto.fi` by 30/April/2024. Certificates will be issued around mid May. 
Clearly name each document with your name (and student number for Aalto University students). 
You must use your university email to submit your course materials. We do not provide 
certificates to people who are not affiliated with a higher education / research institution, 
but you are of course welcome to follow the course and learn with us.

**FAST Track: If you submit your homework by Friday 22/March, you will receive the credit/certificate by 29/March.** 

As this is a very simple homework, the use of generative AI (like ChatGPT) is not allowed. We also have access to ChatGPT and we know how to write prompts that can generate the answers to these homework, so it is very easy for us to check when AI was used. Submissions suspected of being generated by AI will be rejected.
